feat: add basic support for multi-cluster replication (#494)
alexandrevilain/temporal-operator: docs/features/multi-cluster-replication.md

```bash
# port forward to the frontend of the primary cluster
kubectl port-forward primary-frontend 7233:7233

temporal operator cluster upsert --frontend-address secondary-cluster.namespace.svc.cluster.local:7233 --enable-connection true

# port forward to the frontend of the secondary cluster
kubectl port-forward secondary-frontend 7233:7233

tepmoral operator cluster upsert --frontend-address primary-cluster.namespace.svc.cluster.local:7233 --enable-connection true
```

## Replicating namespaces

Once the clusters are connected, you can replicate namespaces between them. This can be done via the temporal CLI, or via the operator. Simply create a new namespace resource for just the primary clusterRef, and add the secondary cluster to the list of clusters. The namespace will be added to the secondary cluster automatically, with all the same settings, and start receiving updates.

```yaml
apiVersion: temporal.io/v1beta1
kind: TemporalNamespace
metadata:
  name: primary-namespace
spec:
  clusterRef:
    name: primary
  clusters:
    - primary
    - secondary
  activeClusterName: secondary
  isGlobalNamespace: true
```

> | **🚨 Note**: Replication does not eagerly push records to the other cluster. If you set up replication with existing workflows on the primary node, make sure to query every workflow on the original node so that they are propagated to prevent data loss.

Author: Wording is a little awkward here. The point is it only replicates workflows as they are interacted with, so enabling replication will not automatically replicate old workflows. For cases like trying to increase the shard count, this is important as you need to make sure each workflow has been evaluated at least once after replication has been set up.

If the wording in the PR isn't clear I can revise.

```bash
# port forward to the frontend of the primary cluster
kubectl port-forward primary-frontend 7233:7233

temporal operator cluster upsert --frontend-address secondary-cluster.namespace.svc.cluster.local:7233 --enable-connection true

# port forward to the frontend of the secondary cluster
kubectl port-forward secondary-frontend 7233:7233

tepmoral operator cluster upsert --frontend-address primary-cluster.namespace.svc.cluster.local:7233 --enable-connection true
```

## Replicating namespaces

Once the clusters are connected, you can replicate namespaces between them. This can be done via the temporal CLI, or via the operator. Simply create a new namespace resource for just the primary clusterRef, and add the secondary cluster to the list of clusters. The namespace will be added to the secondary cluster automatically, with all the same settings, and start receiving updates.

```yaml
apiVersion: temporal.io/v1beta1
kind: TemporalNamespace
metadata:
  name: primary-namespace
spec:
  clusterRef:
    name: primary
  clusters:
    - primary
    - secondary
  activeClusterName: secondary
  isGlobalNamespace: true
```

> | **🚨 Note**: Replication happens at workflow evaluation time, meaning that adding replication to a running cluster requires special care. If you set up replication with existing workflows on the primary node, make sure to query every workflow on the original node so that they are propagated or risk data loss.

Author: ```suggestion
| **🚨 Note**: Enabling replication will not automatically replicate old workflows. It only replicates workflows as they are interacted with. For cases like trying to increase the shard count, this is important as you need to make sure each workflow has been evaluated at least once after replication has been set up.
```
